fix(RDBMS customisation): Add new grant required by MySQL 8.0 (#1059)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/database-configuration.md

#### MySQL

##### XA Transactions

To support XA transactions, starting from MySQL 8.0, special XA rights must be granted to the database user. For example, if the users for the engine and BDM databases are `bonita` and `business_data` respectively, you should run the following command:

```sql

> GRANT XA_RECOVER_ADMIN ON *.* to bonita, business_data;

Reviewer: ⚠️ we may add warnings about this because this grant is for all objects.
Could we restrict that?

Author: Good point.
I added a warning message. (See latest commit.)

Reviewer: 👍

#### MySQL

##### XA Transactions

> To support XA transactions, starting from MySQL 8.0, special XA rights must be granted to the database user. For example, if the users for the engine and BDM databases are `bonita` and `business_data` respectively, you should run the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
To support XA transactions, starting from MySQL 8.0, special XA rights must be granted to the database user. For example, if the users for the Bonita BPM and BDM databases are `bonita` and `business_data` respectively, you should run the following command:
```

```sql

> GRANT XA_RECOVER_ADMIN ON *.* to bonita, business_data;

Reviewer 2: I don't understand... I am convinced I *did* this contribution already, when I discovered this new grant requirement for 7.9 .... :thinking: ...

FLUSH PRIVILEGES;
```

::: warning

> Please note that the above command, by specifying **`*.*`**, is granting the right for all the databases. You may want to limit the command to your engine and BDM databases if there are additional databases in your MySQL server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the above command, by specifying **`*.*`**, is granting privileges for all databases. You may want to limit them to the Bonita BPM and BDM databases if there are additional databases in your MySQL server.
```
